How to generate the website
===========================

The website is generated by [jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) so you need
to have that installed. Also because some pages may be written in
Textile, you need to install [RedCloth](http://redcloth.org/) too.

Please read the documentation on jekyll and
[Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/), it only takes
some minutes.



File structure
--------------

* normal pages reside in '_posts' and eventually their topics subfolder.
  e.g. everything regarding Sourcecode Visualizer will reside in
  '_posts/sourcecode-visualizer'.

* a pages name usually starts with the date it was created.

* the structure in '_posts' does not necessarily correspond to the urls.

* pictures are to be put in the 'img' folder (same for files in 'files')
    + pictures that are used on only one page have to be in
      'img/*later_url*/'
      e.g. pictures for 'drgarbage.com/foo/bar/' are in 'img/foo/bar/'



Format of a post
----------------

### Preamble

Every post starts with a preamble:

    ---
    layout:
    title:
    date:
    categories:
    ---

Please consolidate an already existing post thats similar.


### Links

* Picture urls: `{{ site.imgurl }}{{ page.url }}foo.png`
* File urls: `{{ site.fileurl }}{{ page.url }}bar.tar`
* Links: please always use `site.url` if reffering to local pages. Use
  reference style links in markdown / textile
* Back to top links: In the standard template, use '#top' to go to the
  top of the page.



Generating the site
-------------------

Please supply jekyll with a destination path because otherwise the CVS
might get mixed up.
e.g. 'jekyll build -d /tmp/site' 

Jekyll has a development server which you can use by 'cd'ing into the
source directory and issuing 'jekyll serve -d /tmp/site --watch'.
